ghost house but we need to believe the
t-shirt that says pattycake wait yeah we
should totally plug team four star yeah
then our IP relatives live do you
looking at Ouija there are a lot of
master of my life since your secret
passage or pompadour I've been recalling
like lots of Mario history today I'm
proud of myself and if I'm not I'm
telling you guys about it
hey we got points to dig up too though
the points for the spring what makes me
a good cuz I was left for dead referring
to how cute with those little kids
dressed up miss like one going why is he
recording us pink rainbow
what was there
Brad you do not need I'm just gonna
point out when he doesn't abandon me
that's blue I know the guys know the
axiom Rangers Power Rangers
I'll kill your children hate that is
really cruel yeah
meme half the fun of Super Mario World
was getting a blue Yoshi getting a cape
and just winning at the game
mmm-hmm Yoshi is not nice no she's
already going through I don't where
would we keep finding it every world
because you know how many do we have now
we don't know sawsan oh yeah we don't
have many because we
thank you dilemma news video right right
there black is it's dunk ah
all right it's with the house tough boy
okay done